hey guys wait what oh hey guys
on my LPS Hannah video a lot of people
liked my LPS drawing so I'm gonna be
showing some drawings to you and some
other things I've made so let's go to
the draw the things that I'm gonna show
you I'm not trying to brag like show off
there's some of them not pretty bad but
I'll show you guys anyway oh yeah yeah
okay so this is the first story
here's another one
come on who doesn't like pancakes
they're like oh now this is the cool
dude hands in his pocket oh now we have
this girl
Dewey do we look alike it's like
now we have some drawings in this book
so that's a dog okay
these ones are pretty old does this face
I'd give a lot on YouTube I don't know
why I just like it a lot
then I have this really simple hot fat
one
yeah I don't know what to call it I was
drawing this LPS bat a while ago but
I've never had time to color it in so
it's just like an outline clothing and
then a really bad shaded hot sort of
things and yes you can see the bat on
the other side and then this star don't
really like it as much and now we have
ringless bufflers commander I don't know
what that was a really bad cockney
fingers meant to be a ghost thing I
don't know
actually don't know what it is then we
have this sample with a lot of faces and
guess what more attempts of peccary yeah
the bad is another opiates Troy
and now we have to submit a reads I cuz
I couldn't draw our head yeah just
random I yeah princess thing look at the
hands
three fingers what are you doing okay I
don't even know what to call this okay
now this is worse these are some animals
I drew they're sort of like the same but
yeah I'll show you guys
okay now that is horrible look at its
face
some of those were pretty old and I'm
still working on the last two months
I've also decorated two different boxes
so I'll show you guys there's this one
which reminds me of Mario and then
there's this box and there's nothing in
this one I need to find something to put
in it and now here are some things that
I've made out of polymer clay so here
are my creation things yeah these are
the charms that I glazed so that makes
them shiny we have this very sticky ice
cream this was the first everything I
made but I turned out lube
it's a funny looking for an egg I'm a
ghost oh wow the donut oh you love hot
it's a cookie if you look here it's a
bowling ball with a face
this was my first ever Rose I made to me
looks pretty weird but I've made better
ones recently now the last thing that
I've glazed is poop
and that's what I do in my spare time
seasons I haven't painted on the face or
whatever I'm painting on it but I'll
show you guys anyway we've got some nail
polish putting it through the ice cream
I check the chip the marshmallow family
a moon some tofu a little rose Rilakkuma
and the dinosaur these are some things
that I've painted on but I haven't
glazed - chocolate balls a chocolate
biscuit beep a bucket of water a
mushroom another biscuit a clear version
of me a big scoop of ice cream a big
chocolate chip to other doughnuts a bow
a improved rose now I have to move the
camera back because it's a lot more a
little stuff coming in a Christmas
decoration full of its of macaroni a
small bowling ball some more Donuts five
different flavors biscuits a Maltese oh
I love how a ladybug on a leaf a lady
beetle by itself a black truffle thing
and this really broke thing so this is
everything I've made out of clay so far
do you guys like these videos if you do
I'll make a room tall in that video I
would just show some of my stuff in my
room and like where I record so bye guys
I'll see you soon